striking images not
arrive the images you can see now in your
screen were sent with the presenter
of cctv
nuno graciano who also joins in
direct autophone nuno is putting the pictures
A fire is also impressive.
and next to your house
there it will hurt all the listeners
viewers light up and deco button on
business covenanter images are
impressive and very close
for a long time the movie did
with José Alencar accompanied by the city and
with many other two because we are only
trying to choose each other until
arriving on sofas and 169 on Gustavo was the
even the firemen were slow to arrive
to where the flight was putting
most endangered homes and hits
expected 20 thousand people aged
keep inside their homes and not
They wanted to leave so we're talking about it.
21 of the banks of these things not
only happen in the country even if
I am also not willing to abandon the
their homes people like the care in the
Positive crutch levels will help
guardian also gnr played essential role
in all this it is taking homework
now the team is in the consortium is
process we often work on
of the new pumps made with
Total exemption from a bar was a long time
until a long time ago, I have
been more was sending it is hard to
stay at a disadvantage if you say time
in the source and neither check here was
with me also the Lord our
Her champion was looking gorgeous here.
several times is and I sit with
nobody else and saying to be green goes
to see
Let's have to play here arguing, you know.
I entered the house and I was talking
mobilized at points that were not
together in this essential point those
first images that get them more
quiet fire was already 5 10 meters
of cases and therefore the wind was
hiding in the first of the houses with
The fire made in the houses to
Above the houses fell with the wind but
we do not fit in our car and pull there
there are also images that show this and I
I did not think this normal procedure but
the slowness was the research
is however the growth led to
mango sleeves walked by
each gene was appearing
collect those two new rush
risk of a car and a low income
on the blog there a lot while still living the
fire it seems to be more circumscribed
in fact there is some more calm with nothing
But it was many minutes and I
I had when caring to humble count
to not stay that looks like no more
never arrives and in the final for 3
minutes did not spend much time that did not
I see the car I deserve place where
I was filming and putting the cases
always like time